Added git merge to bootstrap.sh, reduced workers to 8 and RAM to 256MB. (#2)
MacGyverBass/netcache: README.md

- `CACHE_DOMAINS_REPO` (Default: "`https://github.com/uklans/cache-domains.git`"): This can be set to a custom git URL.  This may come in handy when you do not want to pull from uklans/cache-domains master repository or if you decide to fork it and modify it for your own usage.  Note that if this value is empty `""`, the script will skip cloning/syncing/using the repository.
- `ENABLE_DNSSEC_VALIDATION` (Default: "`false`"): Setting this to "`true`" enables DNSSEC Validation via "`dnssec-validation auto;`".  Setting this to "`enforce`" will enable DNSSEC Validation via "`dnssec-validation yes;`".  Currently, this is disabled by default and explaining this is beyond the scope of this article, but if you want to enable it, please read up first.  For more information, see [BIND DNSSEC Guide](https://ftp.isc.org/isc/dnssec-guide/html/dnssec-guide.html#dnssec-validation-explained) and [Domain Name System Security Extensions (DNSSEC) and BIND | Internet Systems Consortium](https://www.isc.org/downloads/bind/dnssec/).

> - `NGINX_WORKER_PROCESSES` (Default: "`8`"): Defines the max number of nginx workers to create.  It should be the number of cores for the processor.  Note that "auto" may also be given to have nginx automatically decide how many workers to use.  For more information, see [ngx_core_module - worker_processes](https://nginx.org/en/docs/ngx_core_module.html#worker_processes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `NGINX_WORKER_PROCESSES` (Default: "`auto`"): Defines the max number of nginx workers to create.  The optimal value depends on many factors including (but not limited to) the number of CPU cores, the number of hard disk drives that store data, and load pattern. When one is in doubt, setting it to the number of available CPU cores would be a good start (the value “auto” will try to auto-detect it).  For more information, see [ngx_core_module - worker_processes](https://nginx.org/en/docs/ngx_core_module.html#worker_processes).
```
